Fix link name in deployment guide (#204)
scalar-labs/scalar-kubernetes: docs/ManualDeploymentGuideScalarDBServerOnEKS.md

## Step 2. Create an EKS cluster

> You must create an EKS cluster for the ScalarDB Server deployment. For details, see [A guideline for creating an Amazon EKS cluster for Scalar products](./CreateEKSClusterForScalarProducts.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must create an EKS cluster for the ScalarDB Server deployment. For details, see [Guidelines for creating an Amazon EKS cluster for Scalar products](./CreateEKSClusterForScalarProducts.md).
```
